###COMPILE=f77
COMPILE=ifort 

###COMLIB1= -xlic_lib=sunperf 
#COMLIB1=-lcomplib.sgimath
 COMLIB1=

#COMOTT1=-dalign -O3 -r8
###COMOTT1=-dalign -fast -r8
#COMOTT1=-Ofast -mips4 -IPA -r8
 COMOTT1=  -tpp7 -O3 -r8
### COMOTT1=  -O3 -r8
### COMOTT1=  -fast  

### COMCONV= -convert big 
 COMCONV=

FILES= \
       addflx.o \
       atm2land.o \
       atm2sea.o \
       get_from_coupler.o \
       dyn_geop.o \
       dyn_grtend.o \
       dyn_implic.o \
       dyn_sptend.o \
       dyn_step.o \
       dyn_stloop.o \
       ini_coupler.o \
       ini_impint.o \
       ini_indyns.o \
       ini_inforc.o \
       ini_iniall.o \
       ini_inphys.o \
       ini_inirdf.o \
       ini_invars.o \
       ini_stepone.o \
       land2atm.o \
       land_init.o \
       phy_convmf.o \
       phy_fordate.o \
       phy_lscond.o \
       phy_phypar.o \
       phy_radiat.o \
       phy_shtorh.o \
       phy_suflux.o \
       phy_vdifsc.o \
       ppo_diagns.o \
       ppo_restart.o \
       ppo_setctl.o \
       ppo_setctl_daily.o \
       ppo_setgrd.o \
       ppo_tminc.o \
       ppo_tminc_daily.o \
       ppo_tmout.o \
       ppo_tmout_daily.o \
       sea2atm.o \
       sea_init.o \
       send_to_coupler.o \
       spe_matinv.o \
       spe_spectral.o \
       spe_subfft_fftpack.o

.SUFFIXES: .f .o

.f.o:
	$(COMPILE)  $(COMOTT1) $(COMCONV) -c  $<

imp.exe: $(FILES)  at_gcm.o
	$(COMPILE)  $(COMOTT1) $(COMCONV)  $(FILES) at_gcm.o -o imp.exe $(COMLIB1) 


at_gcm.o               : at_gcm.f
addflx.o               : addflx.f
atm2land.o             : atm2land.f
atm2sea.o              : atm2sea.f
get_from_coupler.o     : get_from_coupler.f
dyn_geop.o             : dyn_geop.f
dyn_grtend.o           : dyn_grtend.f
dyn_implic.o           : dyn_implic.f
dyn_sptend.o           : dyn_sptend.f
dyn_step.o             : dyn_step.f
dyn_stloop.o           : dyn_stloop.f
ini_coupler.o          : ini_coupler.f
ini_impint.o           : ini_impint.f
ini_indyns.o           : ini_indyns.f
ini_inforc.o           : ini_inforc.f
ini_iniall.o           : ini_iniall.f
ini_inphys.o           : ini_inphys.f
ini_inirdf.o           : ini_inirdf.f
ini_invars.o           : ini_invars.f
ini_stepone.o          : ini_stepone.f
land2atm.o             : land2atm.f
land_init.o            : land_init.f
phy_convmf.o           : phy_convmf.f
phy_lscond.o           : phy_lscond.f
phy_fordate.o          : phy_fordate.f
phy_phypar.o           : phy_phypar.f
phy_radiat.o           : phy_radiat.f
phy_shtorh.o           : phy_shtorh.f
phy_suflux.o           : phy_suflux.f
phy_vdifsc.o           : phy_vdifsc.f
ppo_diagns.o           : ppo_diagns.f
ppo_restart.o          : ppo_restart.f
ppo_setctl.o           : ppo_setctl.f
ppo_setctl_daily.o     : ppo_setctl_daily.f
ppo_setgrd.o           : ppo_setgrd.f
ppo_tminc.o            : ppo_tminc.f
ppo_tminc_daily.o      : ppo_tminc_daily.f
ppo_tmout.o            : ppo_tmout.f
ppo_tmout_daily.o      : ppo_tmout_daily.f
sea2atm.o              : sea2atm.f
sea_init.o             : sea_init.f 
send_to_coupler.o      : send_to_coupler.f
spe_matinv.o           : spe_matinv.f
spe_spectral.o         : spe_spectral.f
spe_subfft_fftpack.o   : spe_subfft_fftpack.f 
